sexual assault is really different than other bad behaviors in the fact
that you can actually, like, lose valuable team members based on it.
Um, number one sexual assault generally doesn't have, um, specifically
to do with work. Of course, they can occur, um, during the work
environment, and that creates bad moral, um, bad morale within the
unit. However, um, whether I can, you know, check a pump, you know,
for for the correct voltage or not, has nothing to do with, um, me
trying to get a date with you later on. So So there's a very, very strong
line between work and, um dating, but they mix when you involve
sexual assault and sexual harassment. Um, specifically, I remember
we had a master chief, and he was one of the good master chiefs that
I've had. Um, he was very direct. He's very stern. He got everybody
to do the work the right way and efficiently. Um, however, he had,
um, some communication with, uh, someone someone in our unit. Eventually.
Hey. Got kicked out of the off the ship, and, um, he eventually
became a senior chief, and we saw him walking around his career.
You know, like it's probably gonna end pretty soon after that ast faras
the grill like she stayed on, but she had a badge, and yeah, everyone
knew what happened between them. Um, she got to stay on because,
like, she's lower. Um, she had a lower responsibility in that, um
the higher you go, the more supervisor you are, the more you're gonna
be hammered down on, you know, And a zoo was hit, as was her case.
I'm not sure that she had a, um her rank removed, but yeah, yeah,
that that's, ah, fragmentation in in that case, And it really affects
the unit to have someone who's really good at their job being removed
and having someone who stays in the unit have that cast that shadow
above her for the rest of time that she's there. So sexual assault,
sexual harassment, fraternization, all the sexual things that don't
really deal with your job. You kinda want to stay away from, um,
leave playtime and playtime and and work at work.